Future works (#67)
chhoumann/p5: sections/Finishing texts/FutureWorks.tex

\section{Future works}
We suggest that next semesters' database group(s) restructure the WordCount database, making it BCNF. 
This can be done by creating tables for file paths and replacing the \texttt{filepath} attribute in the \texttt{article} table with a foreign key.
By doing this, one would reduce data redundancy for the WordCount database. 

> We strongly suggest that the various databases of Knox migrate to a single, dedicated server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly suggest that the various databases of \knox{} migrate to a single, dedicated server.
```

This will greatly ease new implementations and management of both new and current of database structures.
Many of the layers will create, and need storage for, new data structures by analyzing currently stored data.

> By creating centralizing the \knox{} databases, one could easily implement views or relationships connecting these new data structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By centralizing the \knox{} databases, one could easily implement views or relationships connecting the data structures.
```

> Coming groups could also consider performance analysis for the methods of the API controllers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future groups could also consider performance analysis for the methods of the API controllers. 
```

> By doing this, the coming database group could ensure a stable response time for all endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing this, they could ensure a stable response time for all endpoints.
```
